Update microsoft-365-vpn-implement-split-tunnel.md (#4500)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/enterprise/microsoft-365-vpn-implement-split-tunnel.md

### Does split-tunnel configuration work for Teams running in a browser?

> Yes it does, via supported browsers which are listed at https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/get-clients#web-client

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, it does, via supported browsers which are listed in the [Web client](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoftteams/get-clients#web-client) topic.
```
